POWERSOFT INTERATED SOLUTIONS
DOCUMENTATION ON BIOMETRICS SYNCHRONIZATION CONSOLE APPLICATION

Name: Promise Aduragbemi Shittu			Date: 20th of February, 2020

The Biometrics Synchronization Console App is a console application that 
moves the attendance data of employees from a Biometric App database to a specific database.
We should note that this console app does NOT synchronize the attendance list for employees with:
	- Empty or null UserID value
	- 'Unknown' UserID value

This application comes with an API which requires a token to make it work.
The token fetches the company details of the employee doing this synchronization.


GUIDE ON USAGE
Firstly: Make sure the API is set up on the Internet Information services (IIS) and the link shows up on a browser.

Secondly: User must insert values into the APIToken table using the script in the file ‘RunningApp_Querires.txt’. 
This is done by inserting preferred values into the single quotation marks (‘ ’) in  the script.
The values inserted in the ‘Token’ Column will enable us to consume the API. 

Thirdly: Mapping of ‘UserID’ values from the Biometrics data table to the database where the attendance data is moved to must be done. This can be done manually without using queries.
In this case the other database is ‘EnterpriseBase’. Here:
-	A table known as ‘PayrollEmployees’ should be edited manually.
-	If column name ‘EmployeeBiometricID’ is not included, Create one. This is the column where the ‘userID’ from the Biometric database is linked to.
-	Add the UserID values from Biometric database to the ‘EmployeeBiometricID’ column.
-	Before adding, you may filter your mappings to where ‘EmployeeTypeID’ is ‘Salary’.

Fourthly: The token inserted in the token column above is replaced with the default token value in the ‘Token.txt’ file. 
Also, the link gotten from the browser in the initial step of this guide is replaced with the API link in the ‘Token.txt’ file.
The token and API link is separated by the pipe sign ‘|’.

Fifthly: The user changes the database name in the ‘Config.txt’ file.

Lastly: The user launches the application and the application works.

